What is the shareholder ledger?
Lists information about the historical stock transactions (purchases, stock forfeitures and exchanges) and existing stockholders

What is a Cap Table?
A visual representation of ownership in the company
https://d33ypg4xwx0n86.cloudfront.net/direct?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn-images-1.medium.com%2Fmax%2F1600%2F1*2suV-ZyCt4dUnAvjTTeWnA.png&resize=w512

What are the two most common securities used to raise capial for startups?
Convertible debt and preferred stock

When is convertible debt most often used?
1) When a company is early stage and wants to avoid pricing
2) When a company is getting low on cash but hasn't reached an appropriate milestone to raise a new round, get acquired, or go public. Existing companies can "bridge" the company till they get to next milestone

What are the major economic terms of a convertible note?

What is a common discount for convertible debt to convert to equity?

What are the key economic components of preferred stock?

What is a typical VC dividend rate on preferred stock?

What are the 2 types of preferred dividends?

What is the difference between cumulative and non-cumulative preffered stock?

What are preferred share liquidation preferences?

What are the 2 types of preferred liquidation preferences?

What is the difference between non-participating and participating liquidation preference?

What are control privileges for preferred shares?

When does the liquidation preference come into effect?

https://getpocket.com/a/read/1909572190

What are the key terms to negotiate in an early stage startup deal?
Founder Vesting
Antidilution protection
Board Seats
Liquidation preference
Exclusivity - company doesn't talk to other investors for some time after you sign term sheet
Dilution
Veto rights, aka protection provisions, such as right to veto future financings
Valuation
-Mnemonic - Fabled double V

What are the various ways to structure board membership as an investor?
What type of board member - Board member, Advisory board, Board Observer
How long that person is board member for - Time bound (12 months) or even dependent (maybe they are kicked off board at later financing)

How does adding option pool to the pre-money valuation impact the value the company?
It lowers the share price by increasing the number of shares per company valuation



Other questions
Forms of antidiultion common?
